This is the assets folder for the unity game I'm developing. I've called the repo CraftingDungeonCrawler because that is what the game is about. If you are seeing this, hi, hello. If you want to use anything from this repository for some reason, just put a credit in your code. I have no way of enforcing this and to be honest I don't really give a damn, but if you DO decide to use stuff in here and the stuff you use becomes part of something worth millions of dollars, hire me pls. Or just give me money. Either one works. I don't think I'll ever publish the game, and so this repository is mostly just for me or if someone wants to see what I'm working on. If, however, you are from the future and I have published this game and it's a major success and I'm making tons of money, wicked, that's awesome. Right now it's 2025 and I'm just a junior college student who wants to be a game developer but is unfortunately planning on doing something else, as I've heard that the work culture around game development sucks. If you are a hiring manager for a game dev studio and you are seeing this, forget I said that, please hire me. 
To give a better description of the game as I currently want it, it goes like this: Player spawns in a dungeon with a ton of monsters and fights until they die. Those monsters drop materials, xp, gold, etc which the player can then refine into crafting components which then turn into equipment. As the player levels up, they unlock stronger and stronger equipment recipes(current planned implementation is just more materials going into them which means more stat boosts, but I might add inherent modifiers to the recipes.) The player then goes back into the dungeon, fights to get more materials, dies, makes better equipment, repeat. Once the player kills all the enemies in the dungeon, they go down to the next floor, which has stronger enemies. Not sure yet how exactly I'm going to do the difficulty scaling. Maybe add modifiers to the enemy stats depending on floor number or something? Or just stick to making stronger enemies. Either way, the deeper the player goes, the better the materials they can get, which means stronger equipment, which means more floors, and so on. To be honest, I'm not making this game to publish it, I'm making it because 1. I want a game like this and 2. It'll help refine my skills and it's something I can put on my resume. Speaking of which, if you are a hiring manager, go ahead and ignore the part of this readme where I yap about my thoughts on the world. As for why I'm even putting that stuff in a random readme, the answer is I just felt like it while procrastinating on studying.

RANDOM MUSINGS
What the actual fuck is going on in our country(USA) at the moment?? I mean, I try to stay away from politics because that shit is depressing, but right now we've got in my opinion one of the worst administrations ever. I haven't paid much attention, but I've heard that ICE is rounding up random people with tattoos regardless of citizenship and sending them to El Salvadorian prisons, basically selling them into slavery(according to some people, idk, shit's wack). That's pretty damn concerning. Pretty sure that's what the Nazi's were doing, or something. Getting rid of minorities and "undesirables". Seems like the administration this time around doesn't hate Jews but instead hates poor people, and loves making money. Typical politicians. There's also the isolation of our allies, which is fucking idiotic. Dunno why Trump seems to have such a boner for Russia. Maybe it's cause they bankrolled half his life. Of course, that's going into conspiracy theories, and I'm the kind of person who looks at that stuff and scoffs, so who knows. He did spend the 4th of July in Moscow that one time though. If right now the person reading this is in an apocalyptic scenario or nuclear winter or zombie plague or some other crazy shit, good luck lmao I'm probably long dead. Most likely it'll all be fine, but who knows, maybe I'm writing this right before the USA collapses into anarchy. Pope Francis just died, right after meeting our vice president(btw, that guy gives me the creeps). That can't be a good sign. There's also the whole "wiping out $10 trillion(?) from the stock market" thing. How the absolute hell do you do that?? Well, now that I think about it, I'm pretty sure Trump managed to bankrupt multiple casinos, in Las Vegas, in the 1980s. Not really sure how people looked at that and said "yup, here's the guy who'll fix our economy, which is already stronger than it has ever been". Actually, the more I think about it, why the hell did people even vote for Trump?? He spent the entirety of his first term spewing misinformation and adding to our debt, and so far he's spent like a third of his 2nd term golfing. There's also Elon Musk wreaking havoc in our government. Why is it that an unelected South African illegal immigrant has so much power? Well, it's money. Apparently according to Trump, Musk "knows those voting machines", whatever that means. I mean, to me that sounds like Elon somehow rigged the election, which would be pretty ironic considering how Trump spent the entirety of Biden's term whining about how the election had been stolen from him, but whatever. There's no proof and even if there was, it would never come to light. At the end of the day, who knows what happened. Anyways, about Elon Musk, how the hell do you become the richest person in the world and still be such a loser?? I mean, seriously, that guy is so pathetic. There was that whole path of exiles thing where he paid someone to make his account super strong or something and then tried to pretend like he did it, only to massively fail because he doesn't actually know how to play the game. And as the richest man in the world, you'd think he'd be pretty busy. Where would he even get the time to grind out a max level character? How did he think people would believe that? The man seems to care a lot about how people see him, in the same way an edgy 13 year old pretends to not care about their classmates perception about them but is actually immensely dependent on external validation. If he wanted people to love him, all he'd have to do is cure world hunger or something like that. The man has almost half a TRILLION dollars!! He could do anything, ANYTHING, and instead he sits on Twitter(or X as it's now called, stupid name btw) and argues with people and calls them slurs. Maybe I just don't get it because I'm not an ultrarich fuckhead who thinks empathy is a weakness. I'm pretty sure his latest scandal at the moment was he sent dms asking some lady to have his child, and when she obviously refused he took away her twitter premium or something which ended up costing her thousands of dollars. IDK, didn't look too far into it because I could do literally anything else with my time than pay attention to Mr. Muskrat, but if it's true then that is pretty pathetic. Imagine being the literal richest person in the world and getting rejected by some random woman, and your response is to take away their twitter premium or verification or whatever it was. That's pitiful. Honestly when I first saw that headline I thought it was an Onion article. "Richest man in the world gets rejected, takes away woman's twitter premium". Just looked it up, apparently he offered the woman 15 MILLION DOLLARS to have his kid and when she turned him down, he unfollowed her and cut her "twitter premium payments that were worth up to $21,000 a fortnight", whatever that means. Isn't that extortion and sexual harrassment?? If I went up to someone and offered them money to have my baby, I'd get called a lunatic and thrown in jail, but this guy does it and people just throw spitballs at him. "Rules for thee, not for me" much? Guess when you are rich you can get away with a lot of stuff us peasants can't. You know, it'd be pretty crazy if the person reading this is some kind of wasteland explorer scouring the wreckage of a once prosperious, now ruined world. Kinda like the main character in fallout 4 with all those logs in the terminals. That's kind of how I'm feeling nowadays, just watching immature, spiteful morons make a mess of things and half the country cheer them on because "liberal tears". I swear, these people cheering on Trump and Elon and all them would shit their own pants just to make other people(the liberals and "Woke mob") smell it. They've pretty much shit their pants with the economy, now I'm just waiting to see how long it will take for them to start complaining that things smell like shit. I wonder if those liberal tears they are so happy about will pay their bills or fill their stomachs. I'm just tired of living through historical events, I guess. The world's on fire and the people who set the fire aren't gonna have to deal with the consequences and all that. Crazy how the world just lets a few people hoard all the wealth while the rest of us struggle to pay bills. I'm no radical person advocating for violence, but even I think it's crazy how people are just okay with the state of things. I guess it just comes down to it not directly affecting them just yet. It seems to be a pattern throughout history that people are okay with other people being harmed, but cry foul the moment the same thing happens to them. You'd think after however many thousands of years humanity would have learned by now, but I guess it's in the best interests of the people running the world that the rest of us just accept our lot. Anyways, I'm writing this instead of studying like I should be, so thats all for now. 4/22/2025, 7:12 pm, 19:12 in 24 hour time. 
